(DOCS-7883) Improve documentation about App Builder blueprints (#22987)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/app_builder/build.md

{{< img src="service_management/app_builder/app-builder-variable.mp4" alt="If you're not sure what to enter as a variable, type ${ to open a suggestion menu with all available variables" video=true >}}

### Interact with an app in JSON

#### Edit an app

To edit an app with JSON, click the cog (**Settings**) icon and select **Switch to JSON**. The **Switch to GUI** option in the settings menu takes you back to the GUI editor.

#### Copy or back up an app

To copy an app layout across organizations or back it up, click the cog (**Settings**) icon and select **Switch to JSON**. This shows the JSON code for the entire app. Copy this JSON code and save it in a text editor. You can save intermediate states of your app during development and return to them if necessary.

> To copy the app to another organizations, create a new app, click the cog (**Settings**) icon and select **Switch to JSON**, then replace the JSON code that displays with the JSON code that you previously copied out. The **Switch to GUI** option in the settings menu takes you back to the GUI editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To copy the app to another organization:
1. Create an app. 
1. Click the cog (**Settings**) icon and select **Switch to JSON**. 
1. Replace the existing JSON with the JSON that you previously copied. 

The **Switch to GUI** option in the settings menu takes you back to the GUI editor.
```
I think there are enough steps here to make an ordered list.
